Document required entry_id (#2436)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: blog/2024-11-04-reauth-reconfigure-entry-id.md

---
author: epenet
authorURL: https://github.com/epenet
title: "Reauth and reconfigure flows need to be linked to a config entry"
---

Starting a reauth or a reconfigure flow without a link to the config entry has been deprecated, and will start failing in 2025.12.

Custom integrations should be updated to trigger the reauth flow using the `entry.async_start_reauth(hass)` helper.
```python
    async def async_press(self) -> None:
        """Handle the button press."""
        try:
            await self.device.press_button()
        except DevicePasswordProtected as ex:
            self.entry.async_start_reauth(self.hass)
```

Old incorrect code:
```python
    async def async_press(self) -> None:
        """Handle the button press."""
        try:
            await self.device.press_button()
        except DevicePasswordProtected as ex:
            # old incorrect code:

>             # self.hass.async_create_task(
>             #     hass.config_entries.flow.async_init(DOMAIN, context={"source": SOURCE_REAUTH}
>             # )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            self.hass.async_create_task(
                hass.config_entries.flow.async_init(DOMAIN, context={"source": SOURCE_REAUTH}
            )
```

    )
```

> Custom integrations can also raise `ConfigEntryAuthFailed` exception during the initialisation phase, or within coordinators update method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom integrations can also raise a `ConfigEntryAuthFailed` exception during the initialization phase, or within the update method of a data update coordinator.
```
